no no I guess um somebody took our watch
me call me um a warrant there's
somewhere that because uh somebody said
I was caught a trespasser or somewhere
that which I I'm not sure if that's a
true or not but yeah bad ass phone right
yeah it's coming along I bet yeah it's
going along pretty in a good home yeah
I'm trying to come up with some plans
and everything it's a badass phone yeah
well I mostly just go up to the shore
and everything and just hang out with
friends over there you know oh yeah no
that's right Calahan home
let's go bought the Callahan yeah I got
to LA Bay two brothers and one sister
okay they live with you or they all live
down there with us
the yeah yeah all of us have our own
different of places and everything oh
yeah nah it's just the same thing every
day you know I'm just trying to make
some money and stay out of trouble one
and just now I don't know I know that's
right
oh yeah so you got a girl factor someone
you're seeing hell yeah I do
she look good though like see if I
really yep
no that's all good well yeah I do